Hello and welcome to the first onsight question for your social network company mock interview your
problem statement is this given a list of integers and a target number.
Write a function that returns a boolean indicating if it's possible to sum to integers from that list
to reach the target number.
Some requirements for this is to try pen and paper or Whitehorn before coding out your solution and
other requirement is that you cannot use an integer element twice and you want to optimize for time
over space.
So again to give you an idea of what this problem is like you're given a list of integers let's say
the list is 1 to 3 and then a target number.
Let's say the target number is five.
So you want to write a function that returns a boolean indicating of it's possible some to integers
from that list to reach the target number.
In this case you would to return true since 2 and 3 can be summed up to equal 5.
Again you're given a list of integers a target number and you want to see if it's possible that from
two numbers are two integers from that list you can sum them up to create that target number.
Now you can't use an integer element twice so you can't use.
For instance if your list was 1 to 3 and your target number was 4 you couldn't say add 2 and 2 again
.
Because it only occurs once in your list.
All right.
But that being said.
Best of luck and I'll see you at the next lecture.